meta/en/2-1-b.md, before:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Organic farming    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator shows the share of total utilised agricultural land in Germany that is cultivated by organically managed farms subject to the inspection system prescribed by the EU legislation on organic farming (Regulation (EC) No. 834/2007 and the implementing rules). It includes land that has been fully converted to organic management as well as areas still undergoing conversion.    

dns_indicator_intention: Organic farming preserves and protects natural resources to a particularly high degree. It has a wide range of beneficial effects on nature, the climate and the environment and fosters the production of high-quality food. For this reason, an increase in the proportion of organically farmed agricultural land to 20% is targeted for 2030.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2021 is as of 31.12.2020. The data shown on the DNS-Online-Platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the indicator report 2021.    

indicator_name: Organic farming    
section: Farming    
postulate: Environmentally sound production in our cultivated landscapes    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<i>Text from the Indicator Report 2021 </i>Data on organic farming is collected by the Federal Office for Agriculture and Food (BLE) on behalf of the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (BMEL) and by the Federal Statistical Office.<br>The Federal Statistical Office uses various surveys to determine the area of organically farmed land. The reference value in the percentage computation is the total utilised agricultural area determined in the annual land survey. The agriculturally utilised area comprises all surfaces used for agricultural or horticultural purposes. Accordingly, building and farmyard areas of agricultural holdings are not included in the reference value.<br>The data collected by the BMEL includes details of the amount of organically farmed land reported annually by the organic regulatory authorities of the Länder. The reporting date is 31 December of each year. All reports for a current year are accumulated no later than this reporting date. The values shown in the data held by the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture are somewhat higher. One of the reasons for this is that areas not subject to cut-off thresholds are measured against areas to which cut-off thresholds apply. This means that, in the calculation of the percentage, the numerator includes very small plots, whereas only areas of a certain minimum size count towards the denominator.<br>According to the data held by the Federal Statistical Office, the share of organically farmed land increased from 2.9% to 7.8% of the utilised agricultural area between 1999 and 2019. The figure for 2019 corresponds to an organically farmed area of 1.29 million hectares. The data from the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture indicate a higher percentage of organically farmed agricultural land. According to those data the value for 2019 was 9.7% or 1.61 million hectares.<br>Although the last few years have seen a further increase in the area of organically farmed land, the annual percentage increase from year to year has fluctuated widely. Percentage growth stagnated, for example, between 2016 and 2017 but rose sharply again in the period from 2017 to 2019. On the basis of the figures from the Federal Statistical Office, if the trend of the last five reference years were to continue, the target of 20% of utilised agricultural area being farmed organically by 2030 would not be achieved.<br>Germany’s organically farmed land was used as follows in 2019: 57.2% as permanent pasture, 46.7% as arable land and 1.8% for other uses. By contrast, the main use in agriculture as a whole was as arable land, with 70.4%, while the share of permanent pasture was 28.5% and other uses accounted for 1.2% of total utilised agricultural area. According to the results of the 2016 agricultural structure survey, Bavaria held the largest share of organically farmed land among all the Länder with around 23%, followed by Brandenburg with 12% and Baden-Württemberg with just under 12%.<br>The conversion to organic farming is promoted to varying degrees by the individual Länder.<br>According to Eurostat data, a total area of 13.4 million hectares was organically farmed in the EU-28 states in 2018. This represented 7.5% of the entire utilised agricultural area. The highest ratios of organically farmed land within EU countries were registered for Austria, with 24.1%, followed by Estonia with 20.6%, Sweden with 20.3%, Italy with 15.2% and the Czech Republic with 14.8%.'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/eurostat.png" alt="Eurostat" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationEurostat" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_1: 'https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/main/data/database'
source_url_text_1: Eurostat database

source_active_2: true
source_organisation_2: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html">Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture</a>'
source_organisation_2_short: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html">Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture</a>'
source_organisation_logo_2: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/bmel.png" alt="Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Ministry of Food and Agriculture" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_2: 'https://www.bmel.de/EN/topics/farming/organic-farming/organic-farming_node.html'
source_url_text_2: Agricultural holdings total and holdings with organic farming

source_active_3: true
source_organisation_3: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_3_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_3: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_3: 'https://www.destatis.de/DE/Themen/Branchen-Unternehmen/Landwirtschaft-Forstwirtschaft-Fischerei/Landwirtschaftliche-Betriebe/_inhalt.html#sprg239572'
source_url_text_3: Agrarstrukturerhebung - farms with organic agriculture (only available in German)
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

    

graph_title: Organically farmed agricultural land    

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 2.1.b Organic farming
weather_indicator_1_target: Increase the proportion of organically farmed agricultural land to 20% by 2030
    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <h3>
      <a href="https://dnsTestEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Wolke.png" title="Text will follow soon" alt="Wettersymbol"/>
      </a>
    </h3>
  </div>
  <div class="my-header-note">
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

fix titles when series toggle

meta/en/2-1-b.md, after:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Organic farming    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator shows the share of total utilised agricultural land in Germany that is cultivated by organically managed farms subject to the inspection system prescribed by the EU legislation on organic farming (Regulation (EC) No. 834/2007 and the implementing rules). It includes land that has been fully converted to organic management as well as areas still undergoing conversion.    

dns_indicator_intention: Organic farming preserves and protects natural resources to a particularly high degree. It has a wide range of beneficial effects on nature, the climate and the environment and fosters the production of high-quality food. For this reason, an increase in the proportion of organically farmed agricultural land to 20% is targeted for 2030.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2021 is as of 31.12.2020. The data shown on the DNS-Online-Platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the indicator report 2021.    

indicator_name: Organic farming    
section: Farming    
postulate: Environmentally sound production in our cultivated landscapes    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<i>Text from the Indicator Report 2021 </i>Data on organic farming is collected by the Federal Office for Agriculture and Food (BLE) on behalf of the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (BMEL) and by the Federal Statistical Office.<br>The Federal Statistical Office uses various surveys to determine the area of organically farmed land. The reference value in the percentage computation is the total utilised agricultural area determined in the annual land survey. The agriculturally utilised area comprises all surfaces used for agricultural or horticultural purposes. Accordingly, building and farmyard areas of agricultural holdings are not included in the reference value.<br>The data collected by the BMEL includes details of the amount of organically farmed land reported annually by the organic regulatory authorities of the Länder. The reporting date is 31 December of each year. All reports for a current year are accumulated no later than this reporting date. The values shown in the data held by the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture are somewhat higher. One of the reasons for this is that areas not subject to cut-off thresholds are measured against areas to which cut-off thresholds apply. This means that, in the calculation of the percentage, the numerator includes very small plots, whereas only areas of a certain minimum size count towards the denominator.<br>According to the data held by the Federal Statistical Office, the share of organically farmed land increased from 2.9% to 7.8% of the utilised agricultural area between 1999 and 2019. The figure for 2019 corresponds to an organically farmed area of 1.29 million hectares. The data from the Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture indicate a higher percentage of organically farmed agricultural land. According to those data the value for 2019 was 9.7% or 1.61 million hectares.<br>Although the last few years have seen a further increase in the area of organically farmed land, the annual percentage increase from year to year has fluctuated widely. Percentage growth stagnated, for example, between 2016 and 2017 but rose sharply again in the period from 2017 to 2019. On the basis of the figures from the Federal Statistical Office, if the trend of the last five reference years were to continue, the target of 20% of utilised agricultural area being farmed organically by 2030 would not be achieved.<br>Germany’s organically farmed land was used as follows in 2019: 57.2% as permanent pasture, 46.7% as arable land and 1.8% for other uses. By contrast, the main use in agriculture as a whole was as arable land, with 70.4%, while the share of permanent pasture was 28.5% and other uses accounted for 1.2% of total utilised agricultural area. According to the results of the 2016 agricultural structure survey, Bavaria held the largest share of organically farmed land among all the Länder with around 23%, followed by Brandenburg with 12% and Baden-Württemberg with just under 12%.<br>The conversion to organic farming is promoted to varying degrees by the individual Länder.<br>According to Eurostat data, a total area of 13.4 million hectares was organically farmed in the EU-28 states in 2018. This represented 7.5% of the entire utilised agricultural area. The highest ratios of organically farmed land within EU countries were registered for Austria, with 24.1%, followed by Estonia with 20.6%, Sweden with 20.3%, Italy with 15.2% and the Czech Republic with 14.8%.'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/eurostat.png" alt="Eurostat" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationEurostat" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_1: 'https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/main/data/database'
source_url_text_1: Eurostat database

source_active_2: true
source_organisation_2: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html">Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture</a>'
source_organisation_2_short: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html">Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture</a>'
source_organisation_logo_2: '<a href="https://www.bmel.de/EN/Home/home_node.html"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/bmel.png" alt="Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Ministry of Food and Agriculture" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_2: 'https://www.bmel.de/EN/topics/farming/organic-farming/organic-farming_node.html'
source_url_text_2: Agricultural holdings total and holdings with organic farming

source_active_3: true
source_organisation_3: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_3_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_3: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html"><img src="ttps://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/logosEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_3: 'https://www.destatis.de/DE/Themen/Branchen-Unternehmen/Landwirtschaft-Forstwirtschaft-Fischerei/Landwirtschaftliche-Betriebe/_inhalt.html#sprg239572'
source_url_text_3: Agrarstrukturerhebung - farms with organic agriculture (only available in German)
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

    

graph_titles:
  - series: data from the federal statistical office
    title: Organically farmed agricultural land
  - series: data from the federal ministry of food and agriculture
    title: Organically farmed agricultural land    

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 2.1.b Organic farming
weather_indicator_1_target: Increase the proportion of organically farmed agricultural land to 20% by 2030
    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <h3>
      <a href="https://dnsTestEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Wolke.png" title="Text will follow soon" alt="Wettersymbol"/>
      </a>
    </h3>
  </div>
  <div class="my-header-note">
  </div>
</div>
