meta/en/4-1-b.md, before:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator specifies the proportion of 30&nbsp;to 34-year-olds who hold a certificate from the tertiary education sector (levels 5&nbsp;to 8&nbsp;of <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> 2011) or a post-secondary non-tertiary certificate (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level 4).    

dns_indicator_intention: Developed economies like Germany’s, in which the service sector and the demand for knowledge and expertise are becoming increasingly important, need a highly skilled labour force. According to the updated national sustainable development targets, 55% of 30&nbsp;to 34-year-olds are to possess a tertiary or other post-secondary qualification by 2030.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2022 is as of Oct 31 2022. The data shown on this platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2022.pdf">indicator report 2022</a>.    

indicator_name: Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification    
section: Education    
postulate: Continuously improving education and vocational training    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<b>Text from the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2021.pdf">Indicator Report 2021&nbsp;</a></b><br><br>The definition of the indicator is linked to the tradition of a dual system of vocational training in Germany. Besides the tertiary diplomas awarded by universities, universities of applied sciences, colleges of public administration, vocational academies, technical colleges and specialised academies and master craftsmen’s and technician’s diplomas, there are numerous post-secondary non-tertiary certificates nationwide. In general terms, these include all certificates awarded on completion of post-Abitur vocational courses but also qualifications in health professions obtained by students who do not have an Abitur, for example on completion of training as a medical laboratory technician.<br><br>The International Standard Classification of Education (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr>) serves as the basis for international comparison of statistics and indicators regarding educational certificates. Certificates regarded as equivalents are assigned to the same <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level. The indicator therefore covers both the tertiary diplomas corresponding to <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> levels 5&nbsp;to 8&nbsp;and the post-secondary non-tertiary certificates corresponding to <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level 4.<br><br>The data used for the indicator are obtained from the microcensus, which is based on an annual sample survey covering 1% of the population. Additional information is provided by the higher education statistics, which are likewise compiled by the Federal Statistical Office.<br><br>From 33.4% in 1999, the indicator rose 17.1&nbsp;percentage points to 50.5% by 2019. If the average growth rate of the last five reference years is maintained, the target value of 55% could be achieved considerably earlier than 2030. The relation between the gender-specific percentages has changed over time. In 1999, the indicator for men was 3.8&nbsp;percentage points higher than for women. In 2006, the values were the same for both sexes. Since 2007, the percentage of women with a tertiary or post-secondary non-tertiary qualification has been higher that of men. If the average trend of the past five reference years is examined for these figures too, it emerges that the proportion of women qualified to these levels, having reached 54.4% in 2019, could already overachieve the 55% target in 2020. While the proportion of men, which was 46.8% in 2019, would reach the target a good bit later. <br><br>In many other countries there are no post-secondary non-tertiary qualifications. For this reason, the indicator used for the Europe 2020&nbsp;strategy of the European Union is more narrowly defined and takes only tertiary diplomas (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> levels 5&nbsp;to 8) into account.<br><br>Following a steady increase since 2005, the indicator for the <abbr title="European Union consisting of 28&nbsp;member states">EU-28</abbr>&nbsp;reached a total of 41.6% in 2019. When this more narrowly defined indicator is applied to Germany, the figure for 2019&nbsp;comes to 35.5%, which is 6.1&nbsp;percentage points below the <abbr title="European Union">EU</abbr> value. In 2019, the proportion of women, at 36.0%, was slightly higher than that of men (35.1%).<br><br>The total number of graduates of institutions of higher education in 2019&nbsp;was 512,285. This was more than twice as many as in 1999. They included 131,989&nbsp;engineering graduates (three times as many as in 1999) and 55,555&nbsp;graduates in mathematics and science (70.7&nbsp;% more than in 1999).'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'

source_active_2: true
source_organisation_2: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_2_short: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home" target="_blank">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_logo_2: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/eurostat.png" alt="Eurostat" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationEurostat" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_2: 'https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/EDAT_LFS_9912__custom_3201014/default/table?lang=en'
source_url_text_2: Population by educational attainment level (tertiary education only) - Eurostat table [edat_lfs_9912]
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

data_footnote: Data is based on a special evaluation and is not publicly available.    

graph_title: Tertiary or other post-secondary academically or vocational qualified persons    

graph_subtitle: Percentage of all 30 to 34-year-olds    


graph_annotations:
  - value: 55
    label:
      content: Target 2030
      position: left
      backgroundColor: transparent
      color: transparent
    preset: target_line
    borderColor: transparent        

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 4.1.b Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification (30 to 34-year-olds with a tertiary or post-secondary non-tertiary level of education)
weather_indicator_1_year_a: 2021
weather_indicator_1_year_b: 2020
weather_indicator_1_year_c: 2019
weather_indicator_1_year_d: 2018
weather_indicator_1_year_e: 2017
weather_indicator_1_year_f: 2016
weather_indicator_1_year_g: 2015

weather_indicator_1_target: Increase the proportion to 55% by 2030

weather_indicator_1_target_1: Increase the proportion to <b>55%</b> by <b>2030</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_1_category: new
weather_indicator_1_target_1_targetYear: 2030
weather_indicator_1_target_1_validFrom: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_title: If the trend from 2021 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_title: If the trend from 2020 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_title: If the trend from 2019 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_title: If the trend from 2018 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_note: New target as part of the further development of targets of the German Sustainability Strategy (previously 42% by 2020).

weather_indicator_1_target_2: Increase the proportion to <b>24%</b> by <b>2020</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_2_category: old
weather_indicator_1_target_2_targetYear: 2020
weather_indicator_1_target_2_validUntil: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a: 
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_title: No evaluation possible.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_title: If the trend from 2020 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_title: If the trend from 2019 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_title: If the trend from 2018 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_valid: false    

graph_target_points:
  - type: box
    xMin: 22.664
    xMax: 23.336
    yMin: 0
    yMax: 55
    borderColor: "#c5192d"
    backgroundColor: transparent
    borderDash: [1, 0]
    borderWidth: 2
    preset: target_points
  - type: label
    xValue: 23
    yValue: 60.0
    backgroundColor: transparent
    content: ['Target:','55']
    font: {
      size: 14
      }
    borderColor: transparent    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <label class="default">Vocational qualification: increase the proportion to 55% by 2030
      <a href="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Sonne.png" title="If the trend from 2021 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time." alt="Weathersymbol: Sun"/>
      </a>
    </label>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="my-header-note">
  <label class="default"><b>(Evaluation of the indicator report 2022 relating to the reporting year 2021)
  </b></label>
</div>

Commit message:

update requirements and no target annotations anymore

meta/en/4-1-b.md, after:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator specifies the proportion of 30&nbsp;to 34-year-olds who hold a certificate from the tertiary education sector (levels 5&nbsp;to 8&nbsp;of <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> 2011) or a post-secondary non-tertiary certificate (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level 4).    

dns_indicator_intention: Developed economies like Germany’s, in which the service sector and the demand for knowledge and expertise are becoming increasingly important, need a highly skilled labour force. According to the updated national sustainable development targets, 55% of 30&nbsp;to 34-year-olds are to possess a tertiary or other post-secondary qualification by 2030.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2022 is as of Oct 31 2022. The data shown on this platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2022.pdf">indicator report 2022</a>.    

indicator_name: Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification    
section: Education    
postulate: Continuously improving education and vocational training    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<b>Text from the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2021.pdf">Indicator Report 2021&nbsp;</a></b><br><br>The definition of the indicator is linked to the tradition of a dual system of vocational training in Germany. Besides the tertiary diplomas awarded by universities, universities of applied sciences, colleges of public administration, vocational academies, technical colleges and specialised academies and master craftsmen’s and technician’s diplomas, there are numerous post-secondary non-tertiary certificates nationwide. In general terms, these include all certificates awarded on completion of post-Abitur vocational courses but also qualifications in health professions obtained by students who do not have an Abitur, for example on completion of training as a medical laboratory technician.<br><br>The International Standard Classification of Education (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr>) serves as the basis for international comparison of statistics and indicators regarding educational certificates. Certificates regarded as equivalents are assigned to the same <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level. The indicator therefore covers both the tertiary diplomas corresponding to <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> levels 5&nbsp;to 8&nbsp;and the post-secondary non-tertiary certificates corresponding to <abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> level 4.<br><br>The data used for the indicator are obtained from the microcensus, which is based on an annual sample survey covering 1% of the population. Additional information is provided by the higher education statistics, which are likewise compiled by the Federal Statistical Office.<br><br>From 33.4% in 1999, the indicator rose 17.1&nbsp;percentage points to 50.5% by 2019. If the average growth rate of the last five reference years is maintained, the target value of 55% could be achieved considerably earlier than 2030. The relation between the gender-specific percentages has changed over time. In 1999, the indicator for men was 3.8&nbsp;percentage points higher than for women. In 2006, the values were the same for both sexes. Since 2007, the percentage of women with a tertiary or post-secondary non-tertiary qualification has been higher that of men. If the average trend of the past five reference years is examined for these figures too, it emerges that the proportion of women qualified to these levels, having reached 54.4% in 2019, could already overachieve the 55% target in 2020. While the proportion of men, which was 46.8% in 2019, would reach the target a good bit later. <br><br>In many other countries there are no post-secondary non-tertiary qualifications. For this reason, the indicator used for the Europe 2020&nbsp;strategy of the European Union is more narrowly defined and takes only tertiary diplomas (<abbr title="International Standard Classification of Education">ISCED</abbr> levels 5&nbsp;to 8) into account.<br><br>Following a steady increase since 2005, the indicator for the <abbr title="European Union consisting of 28&nbsp;member states">EU-28</abbr>&nbsp;reached a total of 41.6% in 2019. When this more narrowly defined indicator is applied to Germany, the figure for 2019&nbsp;comes to 35.5%, which is 6.1&nbsp;percentage points below the <abbr title="European Union">EU</abbr> value. In 2019, the proportion of women, at 36.0%, was slightly higher than that of men (35.1%).<br><br>The total number of graduates of institutions of higher education in 2019&nbsp;was 512,285. This was more than twice as many as in 1999. They included 131,989&nbsp;engineering graduates (three times as many as in 1999) and 55,555&nbsp;graduates in mathematics and science (70.7&nbsp;% more than in 1999).'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'

source_active_2: true
source_organisation_2: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_2_short: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home" target="_blank">Eurostat</a>'
source_organisation_logo_2: '<a href="https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/home" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/eurostat.png" alt="Eurostat" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationEurostat" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_2: 'https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/EDAT_LFS_9912__custom_3201014/default/table?lang=en'
source_url_text_2: Population by educational attainment level (tertiary education only) - Eurostat table [edat_lfs_9912]
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

data_footnotes: Due to comprehensive redesign of the microcensus it is not possible to compare the data of the survey year 2020&nbsp;with previous years (break in time series).<br>• Data is based on a special evaluation and is not publicly available.    

graph_title: Tertiary or other post-secondary academically or vocational qualified persons    

graph_subtitle: Percentage of all 30 to 34-year-olds        

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 4.1.b Persons with an academic or higher vocational qualification (30 to 34-year-olds with a tertiary or post-secondary non-tertiary level of education)
weather_indicator_1_year_a: 2021
weather_indicator_1_year_b: 2020
weather_indicator_1_year_c: 2019
weather_indicator_1_year_d: 2018
weather_indicator_1_year_e: 2017
weather_indicator_1_year_f: 2016
weather_indicator_1_year_g: 2015

weather_indicator_1_target: Increase the proportion to 55% by 2030

weather_indicator_1_target_1: Increase the proportion to <b>55%</b> by <b>2030</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_1_category: new
weather_indicator_1_target_1_targetYear: 2030
weather_indicator_1_target_1_validFrom: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_title: If the trend from 2021 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_title: If the trend from 2020 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_title: If the trend from 2019 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_title: If the trend from 2018 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_note: New target as part of the further development of targets of the German Sustainability Strategy (previously 42% by 2020).

weather_indicator_1_target_2: Increase the proportion to <b>24%</b> by <b>2020</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_2_category: old
weather_indicator_1_target_2_targetYear: 2020
weather_indicator_1_target_2_validUntil: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a: 
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_title: No evaluation possible.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_title: If the trend from 2020 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_title: If the trend from 2019 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_title: If the trend from 2018 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_valid: false    

graph_target_points:
  - type: box
    xMin: 22.664
    xMax: 23.336
    yMin: 0
    yMax: 55
    borderColor: "#c5192d"
    backgroundColor: transparent
    borderDash: [1, 0]
    borderWidth: 2
    preset: target_points
  - type: label
    xValue: 23
    yValue: 60.0
    backgroundColor: transparent
    content: ['Target:','55']
    font: {
      size: 14
      }
    borderColor: transparent    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <label class="default">Vocational qualification: increase the proportion to 55% by 2030
      <a href="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Sonne.png" title="If the trend from 2021 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time." alt="Weathersymbol: Sun"/>
      </a>
    </label>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="my-header-note">
  <label class="default"><b>(Evaluation of the indicator report 2022 relating to the reporting year 2021)
  </b></label>
</div>
