meta/en/4-1-a.md, before:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Early school leavers    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator shows the percentage of all people in the 18&nbsp;to 24&nbsp;age group who neither possess a university entrance qualification, such as an Abitur or Fachhochschulreife (entrance qualification for universities of applied sciences), nor have completed a course of vocational training and who are not currently undergoing training or continuing education.    

dns_indicator_intention: The state education system and the dual system of vocational training are the cornerstones of a forward-looking qualifications regime for young people in Germany. The absence of educational and vocational training certificates implies an increased risk of poverty and hence a greater strain on social welfare systems. The target for 2030&nbsp;is to lower the percentage of early school leavers to 9.5%.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2022 is as of Oct 31 2022. The data shown on this platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2022.pdf">indicator report 2022</a>.    

indicator_name: Early school leavers    
section: Education    
postulate: Continuously improving education and vocational training    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<b>Text from the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2021.pdf">Indicator Report 2021&nbsp;</a></b><br><br>The term “early school leavers” does not refer to young “high-flyers” who achieve a school leaving certificate before the end of the normal period of schooling. Nor should the term be confused with school drop-outs. On the contrary, it refers to people between 18&nbsp;and 24&nbsp;years of age who neither possess a university entrance qualification, such as an Abitur or Fachhochschulreife, nor have completed a course of vocational training and who are not currently undergoing training or continuing education. This means that even those young people who, for example, have successfully completed lower secondary education at a Hauptschule or intermediate secondary education at a Realschule but are no longer in the education process are counted as early school leavers.<br><br>The data for this indicator originate from the microcensus, which is based on an annual sample survey covering 1% of the population. It cannot be elicited from the indicator when respondents last attended an educational establishment or what type of establishment it was. Additional information is provided by the annual school statistic, coordinated by the Länder that are published by the Federal Statistical Office.<br><br>In 2019, the indicator value was 10.3%. This corresponds to a total of 625,000&nbsp;young people who had not successfully completed upper secondary school and who were not, or were no longer, undergoing education or training. The indicator value had risen slightly since 2014, when it was 9.5%, and so the trend had moved in the wrong direction. If the current trend were to continue, the target of 9.5% for 2030&nbsp;would not be met.<br><br>As for gender-specific indicator rates, there were no systematic differences between men and women for the period between 1999&nbsp;and 2005. Since 2006, the rate for women has been lower than that for men. The values in 2019, for instance, were 8.7% for women and 11.8% for men.<br><br>According to the school statistics, a total of some 53,000&nbsp;young people, or 7% of the resident population in the relevant age group, left school in 2019&nbsp;without a certificate of lower secondary education. Compared with 1999, this equates to a reduction by more than a third. By this measure too, the proportion remains markedly lower among young women (5.0%) than among young men (9.0%).<br><br>By contrast, 17.4% (132,429) of the resident population of the same age obtained a certificate of lower secondary education from a Hauptschule in 2019, 44.5% (337,578) obtained a certificate of intermediate secondary education, 32.1% (227,308) obtained a general university entrance qualification, and 0.1% (624) obtained a certificate qualifying them to enter a university of applied sciences. The period from 1999&nbsp;to 2019&nbsp;saw particularly significant changes for two types of certificate. One was the Hauptschule certificate of lower secondary education, the share of which fell by 8.7&nbsp;percentage points, while the proportion of school leavers obtaining the general university entrance qualification rose by 7.4&nbsp;percentage points (each figure relates to the population of the same age).'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_1: 'https://www.destatis.de/DE/Themen/Gesellschaft-Umwelt/Bildung-Forschung-Kultur/Bildungsstand/_inhalt.html#sprg233662'
source_url_text_1: International education indicators in country comparison (only available in German)
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

data_footnote: The results from 2020&nbsp;onwards are only comparable with previous years to a limited extent.    

graph_title: Early school  leavers    

graph_subtitle: Percentage of all 18 to 24-year-olds    


graph_annotations:
  - value: 9.5
    label:
      content: Target 2030
      position: left
      backgroundColor: transparent
      color: transparent
    preset: target_line
    borderColor: transparent        

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 4.1.a Early school leavers
weather_indicator_1_year_a: 2021
weather_indicator_1_year_b: 2020
weather_indicator_1_year_c: 2019
weather_indicator_1_year_d: 2018
weather_indicator_1_year_e: 2017
weather_indicator_1_year_f: 2016
weather_indicator_1_year_g: 2015

weather_indicator_1_target: Reduce the proportion to 9.5% by 2030

weather_indicator_1_target_1: Reduce the proportion to <b>9.5%</b> by <b>2030</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_1_category: new
weather_indicator_1_target_1_targetYear: 2030
weather_indicator_1_target_1_validFrom: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_title: In 2021 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_title: In 2020 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_title: In 2019 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_title: In 2018 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_note: New target as part of the further development of targets of the German Sustainability Strategy (previously 10% by 2020).

weather_indicator_1_target_2: Reduce the proportion to <b>10%</b> by <b>2020</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_2_category: old
weather_indicator_1_target_2_targetYear: 2020
weather_indicator_1_target_2_validUntil: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a: 
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_title: No evaluation possible.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_title: In 2020 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_title: In 2019 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_title: In 2018 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e: Wolke
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_title: Although the indicator has in 2017 been moving in the desired direction toward the target, if the trend had to continued, the target would have been missed in the target year by more than 20% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f: Wolke
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_title: Although the indicator has in 2016 been moving in the desired direction toward the target, if the trend had to continued, the target would have been missed in the target year by more than 20% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_valid: false    

graph_target_points:
  - xValue: 23
    yValue: 9.5
    pointStyle: triangle
    rotation: 180
    borderColor: "#c5192d"
    preset: target_points
  - type: label
    xValue: 23
    yValue: 8.0
    backgroundColor: transparent
    content: ['Target:','9,5']
    font: {
      size: 14
      }
    borderColor: transparent    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <label class="default">Early school leavers: reduce the proportion to 9.5% by 2030
      <a href="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Blitz.png" title="In 2021 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction." alt="Weathersymbol: Thuder strom"/>
      </a>
    </label>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="my-header-note">
  <label class="default"><b>(Evaluation of the indicator report 2022 relating to the reporting year 2021)
  </b></label>
</div>

Commit message:

update requirements and no target annotations anymore

meta/en/4-1-a.md, after:

---

language: en    
national_indicator_available: Early school leavers    

dns_indicator_definition: The indicator shows the percentage of all people in the 18&nbsp;to 24&nbsp;age group who neither possess a university entrance qualification, such as an Abitur or Fachhochschulreife (entrance qualification for universities of applied sciences), nor have completed a course of vocational training and who are not currently undergoing training or continuing education.    

dns_indicator_intention: The state education system and the dual system of vocational training are the cornerstones of a forward-looking qualifications regime for young people in Germany. The absence of educational and vocational training certificates implies an increased risk of poverty and hence a greater strain on social welfare systems. The target for 2030&nbsp;is to lower the percentage of early school leavers to 9.5%.    

data_state: The data published in the indicator report 2022 is as of Oct 31 2022. The data shown on this platform is updated regularly, so that more current data may be available online than published in the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2022.pdf">indicator report 2022</a>.    

indicator_name: Early school leavers    
section: Education    
postulate: Continuously improving education and vocational training    

#content     
content_and_progress: '<b>Text from the <a href="https://dns-indikatoren.de/assets/publications/reports/en/2021.pdf">Indicator Report 2021&nbsp;</a></b><br><br>The term “early school leavers” does not refer to young “high-flyers” who achieve a school leaving certificate before the end of the normal period of schooling. Nor should the term be confused with school drop-outs. On the contrary, it refers to people between 18&nbsp;and 24&nbsp;years of age who neither possess a university entrance qualification, such as an Abitur or Fachhochschulreife, nor have completed a course of vocational training and who are not currently undergoing training or continuing education. This means that even those young people who, for example, have successfully completed lower secondary education at a Hauptschule or intermediate secondary education at a Realschule but are no longer in the education process are counted as early school leavers.<br><br>The data for this indicator originate from the microcensus, which is based on an annual sample survey covering 1% of the population. It cannot be elicited from the indicator when respondents last attended an educational establishment or what type of establishment it was. Additional information is provided by the annual school statistic, coordinated by the Länder that are published by the Federal Statistical Office.<br><br>In 2019, the indicator value was 10.3%. This corresponds to a total of 625,000&nbsp;young people who had not successfully completed upper secondary school and who were not, or were no longer, undergoing education or training. The indicator value had risen slightly since 2014, when it was 9.5%, and so the trend had moved in the wrong direction. If the current trend were to continue, the target of 9.5% for 2030&nbsp;would not be met.<br><br>As for gender-specific indicator rates, there were no systematic differences between men and women for the period between 1999&nbsp;and 2005. Since 2006, the rate for women has been lower than that for men. The values in 2019, for instance, were 8.7% for women and 11.8% for men.<br><br>According to the school statistics, a total of some 53,000&nbsp;young people, or 7% of the resident population in the relevant age group, left school in 2019&nbsp;without a certificate of lower secondary education. Compared with 1999, this equates to a reduction by more than a third. By this measure too, the proportion remains markedly lower among young women (5.0%) than among young men (9.0%).<br><br>By contrast, 17.4% (132,429) of the resident population of the same age obtained a certificate of lower secondary education from a Hauptschule in 2019, 44.5% (337,578) obtained a certificate of intermediate secondary education, 32.1% (227,308) obtained a general university entrance qualification, and 0.1% (624) obtained a certificate qualifying them to enter a university of applied sciences. The period from 1999&nbsp;to 2019&nbsp;saw particularly significant changes for two types of certificate. One was the Hauptschule certificate of lower secondary education, the share of which fell by 8.7&nbsp;percentage points, while the proportion of school leavers obtaining the general university entrance qualification rose by 7.4&nbsp;percentage points (each figure relates to the population of the same age).'    

#Sources    

source_active_1: true
source_organisation_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_1_short: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank">Federal Statistical Office</a>'
source_organisation_logo_1: '<a href="https://www.destatis.de/EN/Home/_node.html" target="_blank"><img src="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/public/OrgImgEn/destatis.png" alt="Federal Statistical Office" title=" Click here to visit the homepage of the organizationFederal Statistical Office" style="height:60px; width:148px; border: transparent"/></a>'
source_url_1: 'https://www.destatis.de/DE/Themen/Gesellschaft-Umwelt/Bildung-Forschung-Kultur/Bildungsstand/_inhalt.html#sprg233662'
source_url_text_1: International education indicators in country comparison (only available in German)
    
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2022'    

data_footnotes: Due to comprehensive redesign of the microcensus it is not possible to compare the data of the survey year 2020&nbsp;with previous years (break in time series).<br>• The results from 2020&nbsp;onwards are only comparable with previous years to a limited extent.    

graph_title: Early school  leavers    

graph_subtitle: Percentage of all 18 to 24-year-olds        

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    

weather_indicator_1: 4.1.a Early school leavers
weather_indicator_1_year_a: 2021
weather_indicator_1_year_b: 2020
weather_indicator_1_year_c: 2019
weather_indicator_1_year_d: 2018
weather_indicator_1_year_e: 2017
weather_indicator_1_year_f: 2016
weather_indicator_1_year_g: 2015

weather_indicator_1_target: Reduce the proportion to 9.5% by 2030

weather_indicator_1_target_1: Reduce the proportion to <b>9.5%</b> by <b>2030</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_1_category: new
weather_indicator_1_target_1_targetYear: 2030
weather_indicator_1_target_1_validFrom: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_title: In 2021 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_a_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_title: In 2020 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_b_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_title: In 2019 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_c_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_title: In 2018 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_d_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_title: If the trend from 2017 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_e_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_title: If the trend from 2016 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_f_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_1_item_g_valid: true
weather_indicator_1_target_1_note: New target as part of the further development of targets of the German Sustainability Strategy (previously 10% by 2020).

weather_indicator_1_target_2: Reduce the proportion to <b>10%</b> by <b>2020</b>
weather_indicator_1_target_2_category: old
weather_indicator_1_target_2_targetYear: 2020
weather_indicator_1_target_2_validUntil: 2021

weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a: 
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_title: No evaluation possible.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_a_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_title: In 2020 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_b_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_title: In 2019 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_c_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d: Blitz
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_title: In 2018 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_d_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e: Wolke
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_title: Although the indicator has in 2017 been moving in the desired direction toward the target, if the trend had to continued, the target would have been missed in the target year by more than 20% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_e_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f: Wolke
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_title: Although the indicator has in 2016 been moving in the desired direction toward the target, if the trend had to continued, the target would have been missed in the target year by more than 20% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_f_valid: false
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g: Sonne
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_title: If the trend from 2015 had continued, the target value would have been reached or missed by less than 5% of the difference between the target value and the value at that time.
weather_indicator_1_target_2_item_g_valid: false    

graph_target_points:
  - xValue: 23
    yValue: 9.5
    pointStyle: triangle
    rotation: 180
    borderColor: "#c5192d"
    preset: target_points
  - type: label
    xValue: 23
    yValue: 8.0
    backgroundColor: transparent
    content: ['Target:','9,5']
    font: {
      size: 14
      }
    borderColor: transparent    
---


<div>
  <div class="my-header">
    <label class="default">Early school leavers: reduce the proportion to 9.5% by 2030
      <a href="https://dnsUpgradeEnvironment.github.io/dns-indicators/en/status"><img src="https://g205sdgs.github.io/sdg-indicators/public/Wettersymbole/Blitz.png" title="In 2021 the distance to the target was constantly high or had increased. Thus, the indicator did not develop in the desired direction." alt="Weathersymbol: Thuder strom"/>
      </a>
    </label>
  </div>
</div>
<div class="my-header-note">
  <label class="default"><b>(Evaluation of the indicator report 2022 relating to the reporting year 2021)
  </b></label>
</div>
